today in mobile passion we present you a
powerful browser with you
lucy browser
do not
two
surf the internet from our
smartphone is one of the most
common today although reality
is that most of the time we use
pre-installed browsers though
these are not exactly the best
option is why we want
introduce you ius and browser a browser
designed in asia that has
interesting features and functions
that make it an excellent
option to prove cataloged as one
of the fastest mobile browsers
that exist and a browser does not
will disappoint since it has
support servers that allow a
faster browsing speed
besides that it compresses the data to
save us megabytes in our balance or
of our plan with 3g or 4g plus the
videos and web pages load
substantially faster with joost and
browser as in this test where
both smartphones have opened the same
website both connected to it
wifi signal with the same speed of
connection but that thanks to just and
browser
elop or r5 beats engine g with chrome
in opening a news page first
but they and browser is much more than
simple speed since it has a
extensive list of benefits among
which includes the possibility of
customize our home page
with the content that interests us most
either organizing the pre-links
loaded or adding new ones too
we found the possibility to add
tools and content pages
in addition to called extensions
add-ons that work like mini
apps entered the same browser for another
side and use browser is highly
configurable and its settings menu
includes control over images size and
Font font brightness adjustment
Content preloading is a forced
as several options that make us the
easier life when browsing the internet and
thus improving our experience
navigation through the smartphone
josh and browser also incorporates themes and
wallpapers with which we can
customize our browser even more
either by selecting the catalog in
line or directly from our
photos also has a manager
downloads that allows you to keep up to 6
downloads online and if that was not enough and
a if the browser also has a
mini version which has been programmed
especially for range devices
low as in this case with a 7 x 2 max
that only has 512 mb of memory
ram so the browsers
traditional are usually slower
but with browser navigation
It is fluid and agile as you can
appreciate when opening power pda point
our news site which is
something heavy but wait we still have more
for you and is that giusti browser also
is available for computers and for
ios devices like your ipad in fact
according to the official site of yuso and
browser the browser has versions
special for iphone ipad android
computers and mobile devices with
windows as well as a version for
symbian equipment and for devices not
smartphones entails in summary we are
before a very complete browser that
step is completely free and that counts
with added value options that
position side by side and even by
over with the most popular browsers
that we all know either by their
hardware acceleration or by cloud its
integrated download manager
multiple customization options or
the possibilities of expanding functions
through extensions and complements
additional the reality is that I am
browser is worth it to download
and give him an opportunity in your
smartphone I hope you liked it
our review of jussi browser you
we invite you to see the description of the video
where you will find a direct league
to download this browser to your
device remember to subscribe to
our channel
like the videos and follow us on
social networks
because this is moving passion